---
Creation Date: 2024-12-09 07:14
---

<- [[2024-12-08]] | [[2024-12-10]]  ->

# 2024-12-06
Today is the big meat day, also the big meat-ing day (see what I did there). Basically the majority of my day today is meetings. First on the list we have a lessons learned meeting with the client, it is essentially a meeting that goes over what went right during the project, what could've been better and what went wrong. This meeting was pretty straight forward. The general consensus was that the project was drawn out for too long. This lead to many delays and lack of support for the project especially when it needed more support. Not to mention that they indicated that when the project started for them, long before DCD was employed to work on it. They unanimously agreed that the previous integrated they had initially hired was part of the reason there was so much delay with the current project lifecycle. Everyone who was around on project inception said that the previous integrator was not the greatest. They expressed frustration with how they would continuously ask the integrator for specific things they wanted to see from the software, and it seems like the integrator just never listened or didn't implement it in the way that they described. This in turn left the project in a very messy state when we came to tackle it. One encouraging thing is that they had a "stormboard", which is basically just a board where all the members in the meeting can put notes under the created sections. In the "What we did right" section, there were two post it notes that said support from DCD engineering. This was huge win for Sean and I. He sent a screenshot to Matt and he seemed very proud as well. Then we had a little recap meeting with the client to discuss further ongoing support after the project end date. Leon will be taking pretty much all of December off, which means there will not be much bulk work to do anyway for the site.@