---
Creation Date: 2024-08-30 14:08
---

<- [[2024-08-29]] | [[2024-08-31]]  ->

# 2024-08-30
More remote support today. I spent most of the day going through the report
testing spreadsheet seeing which reports needed update and additions. As I
mentioned before, I'm going through all reports that need a sum or average row
at the bottom of their data tables. These are used by operators to get a quick
idea if the they are hitting the right daily averages and can quickly identify
potential process issues. This is pretty easy to implement in the reports it
just takes a little while since you have to do it for every column of data in
the table, so if there's a lot of data on the report then it can take awhile.
But I don't mind doing this style of work every once in awhile because it's
pretty chill and doesn't take a whole lot thought so I just turn on a podcast
and get to work. Sean messaged me around noon to tell me that the business
individual we made the proposal to is very excited about the software we
suggested we implement. So next week I think Sean wants to get a box setup with
the software running so that we can build a demo to show the client. This is
pretty cool since I think he's gonna let me do most of the work so that I can
get a little more hands on experience with the business side of the company when
it comes to making proposals and doing demos. This is cool since this is a side
of the company I have actually become quite interested in since I've never
really gotten to experience anything like it before. I'm really looking forward
doing this! I also built out a report earlier to test some values for Sean but
nothing of note really came from that pretty standard stuff for troubleshooting.
Long weekend so I won't be back till Tuesday.