---
Creation Date: 2024-11-20 08:32
---

<- [[2024-11-19]] | [[2024-11-21]]  ->

# 2024-11-14
First day on site, which is very exciting. Not sure what to really expect since the client site is very unique. At first glance the site kind of seems like if you want to the plant process bargain bin and picked a couple things you need and mashed them together. This is mostly because a lot of the plant buildings are old and falling apart. We started off by getting my badge at security so I can sign in an out, then we headed up to the office and I got all my PPE from Leon. Then Jodi came by and gave us the list of control rooms that we need to head to for the day. We then changed up the original plan. Initially we were planning on going to the three different control rooms separately and hitting as many as individuals as possible. Instead we ended up dropping David off at the central control office and hit those controls offices. Then since David foresaw he would be stuck there for a bit. Leon and I hit all the ones nearby and then eventually hit all the ones we could until David was done. Then we actually managed to get them done pretty quickly before lunch. We headed back to Leon's office and had a cup of coffee and discussed the outcome of the day. It seemed to be a mixed bag of what the operators said. A lot of them said they were comfortable with the actual usability of the new system but just had some minor tweaks they liked to see. Some group in one part of the plant pretty much dismissed us and said they don't use the system at all.