---
Creation Date: 2024-09-09 13:44
---

<- [[2024-09-08]] | [[2024-09-10]]  ->

# 2024-09-09
More remote support today. I really wanted to get the script for Rod finished
today but the remote support was coming in heavy today. A lot of backend issues
it seems today so Sean was doing most of the big changes while I just went and
helped him check/change any small things. There also some update to be made to
some of the comment reports for the operators. For some reason the comments were
not getting pulled and we had to test them in query to figure out why. We
determined that they were using the wrong data source for the comment tables.
For some reason the previous integrator has two data sources name full and
full_all respectively. Sean and I don't really know what the difference is and
we still haven't figured out what the real difference is but for some reason the
tag pulls the correct comments with full_all and not full. So this was a pretty
simple change for me to make across all the reports with comments. We are having
some issues with committing to the repository with changes overwriting others.
Basically there is a dev server where all the reports changes are implemented
then send to the prod server for the operators to view and use. However it
appears if someone has another instance of the report dev client open and they
push changes without pull from the repo after someone else has made a recent
change it does not save the changes from the other user and reverts them back to
the state that the most recent commit made by someone else was using. Other repo
style tracking like git has measures in place to handle this but it's clear that
Aveva is not using the same style of implementation. This makes it super
annoying and limits the frequency of people making changes we can have for the
client, and gives more work to those that are able to use it since they now have
to make change for other people when they want to update their reports for their
operators. Anyway I'm gonna try and finish the script for Rod tomorrow so we can
get it tested on the client servers and such. I continue tomorrow.