---
Creation Date: 2024-09-27 14:13
---

<- [[2024-09-26]] | [[2024-09-28]]  ->

# 2024-09-27
Well my script in SQL broke. Turns out you need some special permissions to run jobs on the server. Not only did I have a couple typos but I had some standard Transact SQL syntax that wasn't compatible with one of the client stored procedures in my script. I took about half the day but I think I figured out most of the issues with my script and it is now running smoothly. We couldn't figure out how to get the job running without actually running the job under my user so we figure we need SA privilege's for it to work properly. With that in mind, I fired off and email to IT at our client and wait for a response. I heard one of them is going to be out for jury duty which always great timing. The only issue with this that remains is that we have to backfill data for the polling times that the script missed before. I for the life of me cannot figure why this wasn't working. I change my stored procedure to do the same thing just accept a manual date instead of using one of the dates supplied by one of the tags. This seemed fine initially I made the changes and ran the procedure but no change was reflected in query. This is extremely frustrating because the printouts I made for the procedure are not displaying any error and the procedure runs in most cases and doesn't error out even listing some affected rows. The only time it errors is if one of the tags used in the calculation doesn't have any data and then can't do the calculation. I don't even know where to start with debugging this cause I don't know why this doesn't work if the other one does. It feels like the insertion is getting intercepted somehow and I don't know how. Anyways, Matt came by and I show him what I have for the sump analyzer. I explained to him the issues I was having with it and the constraints I am having and I told him that I gave it my best effort but I couldn't come up with anything that needed the speed for him to meet. He told me it's okay because he kinda expected that and that we will leave it on the backburner and to jump on it if I think of anything. So I think I'll dedicate some of my weekend to trying to figure an efficient way to complete this and comeback with some result. Now it's time for the weekend.