---
Creation Date: 2024-11-25 12:09
---

<- [[2024-11-24]] | [[2024-11-26]]  ->

# 2024-11-18
Back at it on site today. Today is the big day. The client is finally
disconnecting their old system from the data feed in the plant. This means that
there is no new data going to the old system and the new AVEVA system that Sean
and I have been implementing for them since I started my term at the company.
This is the main thing we have been striving for when it comes to this project.
The client has been trying to achieve this for the past 3 years. Finally, the
day has come. It doesn't feel so much as an achievement, but more like a weight
lifted off everyone's shoulders. This is a big relief for most operators too
since now that means that they do not have to enter data in to both systems.
This drastically reduces the amount of effort they have to make in one shift.
David is being tying up some loose ends regarding the old system and won't be
able to walk around with us today. So instead it will be just Alex and I. Alex
is a process engineer at the client and he knows the plant through and through
and can tell almost everything about the plant and the way things work. So
during our walk around I made a point to ask him about things that I was curious
about and he was able to answer all my questions with confidence. This gave me
some in site as to how the site functions and gave me a little more context as
to how the site functions as a whole. As for feedback today not a whole lot to
say other than the typical stuff that the other crews mentioned last week. The
crews this week will be the first to be full time AVEVA reports so by tomorrow
since it is the same crew tomorrow, I expect to hear some more thorough feedback
from them. I think we were all expecting the day to be a little more chaotic
then it was, but it seemed pretty typical for the most part and nothing was
super wrong.