---
Creation Date: 2024-09-19 14:09
---

<- [[2024-09-18]] | [[2024-09-20]]  ->

# 2024-09-18
Started working on the analyzer for Matt a little bit today. As I mentioned prior I'm doing it OOP style so mostly everything is gonna be in a custom Analyzer Class with a bunch of different methods. So far I have it load the file and check that the file is a comma separated values file. Then the class takes the data as a pandas dataframe which is a library that has a ton of data science related utilities. The main reason for using this library is vectorization. Pandas has a bunch of methods you can call on the dataframe to change the whole data set which is much memory and time efficient then iterating over the data set and applying a set of operations on each individual item in the dataset. This is especially useful since I have just over a million rows of excel or more to go through with the formula and data tracking Matt wants me to implement. So when dealing with this much data it is very important to be as efficient as possible to not bog down the script so that it can accomplish it's goals in a reasonable amount of time so you don't have to waste time constantly waiting for the results.to be as efficient as possible to not bog down the script so that it can accomplish it's goals in a reasonable amount of time so you don't have to waste time constantly waiting for the results. I did something similar a while ago where I had to go through a bunch of excel rows and calculate a bunch of data and find data that repeated. Other than that not much outside of more report verification today so a pretty standard day. I continue tomorrow.