---
Creation Date: 2024-11-26 11:09
---

<- [[2024-11-25]] | [[2024-11-27]]  ->

# 2024-11-21
Back to site. Today might be the last day. Originally it was discussed that we
might not do the walk around on Friday because it would be the same crew as crew
one. So in theory there probably wouldn't be much new feedback as we would've
addressed most of it by now (hopefully). We talked it over in the morning
meeting before we would head out. Jodi said it would be nice if we didn't have
to go out tomorrow but she will confirm with the site managers to see if this is
ok. She got back to us after the meeting a little later and said that the
managers would like us to continue the walk around tomorrow. Not too much of a
big deal for me, other than the driving just taking up a quarter of my day. So
we did our standard walk around we actually had Lane come around instead of
David. David is still tying up loose ends with the old system so he could not do
a walk around with us. He actually messaged me the night before with some
concerns about data entry with some of the lab data. The issue with this is the
lab uses a foreground system that interfaces with the AVEVA system we have
implemented. This data gets sent to the SQL Server instance and then parsed
through a stored procedure and then gets stored in the historian.  To be honest
I do not know why they used this separate system but it is something we have to
deal with. This was partially why we initially had to setup the whole
calculation table in SQL to handle the way this system deal with the AVEVA one.
Apparently the lab clicks a button in the system that pushes it to the client's
old system and newly the AVEVA system. But since we cut off the old system, the
script would error out and not work, thus not push data. This just took a little
amendment on their end and everything was back to working. Anyway last day on
site tomorrow. I am looking forward to going back to the office next week.