---
Creation Date: 2024-10-22 13:39
---

<- [[2024-10-21]] | [[2024-10-23]]  ->

# 2024-10-22
I started off the day with some spreadsheet work. I figured out what is wrong with the plugin yesterday, turns out there is an option to set back pieces of data an hour which seems to fix the issue I was having so now my data is aligning and in the correct spots. We then had our meeting to check all the reports and the ones that everyone need to have testers test. Mine were all waiting on the someone to respond in an email. Turns out they finally did. They confirmed that the reports they need are indeed critical and need to be passed. So I went through and starting going through the reports. Turns not alot needed to be changed at all, the main thing was the data inputs needed to tested. A problem the developers and I have been going through is that the reports with manual entries don't have data entered in the Aveva system and KM system. This means virtually there is no data that can be used for testing. This problematic as if there is nothing to test then the report cannot be passed. So we have come up with our own solution. Basically we have to enter 0s into the data at a specific timeslot and notify the tester that we have done so. This just accelerates the testing process as we go. One of the reports had a misconfigured submit button so that need fixing. I ended up writing a quick python script that takes a list of tags and single data objects and converts them in the statements that we use to insert data into the database. This only took like 10 minutes but made making all the statements for all the tags on the report much easier to test. After a couple bug fixes with data insertion on the report it now seems to be in a more functional state. I also got told that spreadsheets are not due until next week Thursday since they are such a chore. I continue **tomorrow****.