---
Creation Date: 2024-07-24 15:02
---

<- [[2024-07-23]] | [[2024-07-25]]  ->

# 2024-07-24
More template updates today. I'm almost done PLC 5 which means I'm over halfway I think? I'm not entirely sure as I've just been doing the work instead of tracking the progress of my work other than highlighting the cells I've completed. Luckily most of the PLCs seem to have a lot less than the first which makes going through each of them.  But again it is more just copy pasting and making sure that the tag name for the caption is in the right spot. This so in the future the liquids team will have a more standardized template across all there sites. This is so all the HMI's this company and team makes look like they are all made by the same person and look relatively the same. It's kinda of the same as normal programming. Typically the companies adhere to a style guideline so that code is easier to understand and read when other people read it and so most programs are laid out the same way. I also got some news from Sean about the upgrade I mentioned. Turns out it broke the web client again. The issue is that the web client keeps reloading back to the login page after logging in. This only happens when using the server domain name not the localhost name. This is a super odd issue and the only ideas as to why it could happen that Sean and I came up with is that the configuration the company is using is hitting some edge case that testing before launching the software couldn't find. Regardless I continue with updates tomorrow.