---
Creation Date: 2024-06-19 15:02
---

<- [[2024-06-18]] | [[2024-06-20]]  ->

# 2024-06-19
Continuing on with the stuff from yesterday. I finished up verifying the manual entry reports today and the Sean had me start going through and finding the spots in reports the previous system integrator had labeled as null. Basically we think that he was labeling things null that he intended to go back and fix, but never ended up fixing. This basically just consisted of me using my tag lookup script to find the Aveva system tag name for each calculated tag. This is because when the old system integrator made the reports he used a step table that would do a bunch on math within the report itself and bogged down the speed of the report generation drastically. So I had to find the tag in their old system then use my script to find the new one. Then mark it down on our tracking sheet. After I found them all I went through all the reports that had these null values and put the new found tags in place. This took a good chunk of time as some of the reports that had tables with all null values weren't even made in the new system so I had to go through and make a bunch of them. Matt came by and asked me when I would be able to do the tag import for the HMI I was previously working on and I told him I should be done by today and we could do it tomorrow morning at the latest. He came and told me we need to have a somewhat functional screen by Monday next week when they do testing. I carry on tomorrow.