---
Creation Date: 2024-10-07 13:15
---

<- [[2024-10-06]] | [[2024-10-08]]  ->

# 2024-10-07
Not much new for the fresh week. I had to do some table additions in sql for the client. Sean was developing some of the Molar Ratio tags and found some that exist but don't have definitions in System Platform. Since we want there to be values for these tag they need to be added to the molar ratio table in sql so that the job I made last week can calculate values for them. Pretty simple since the way I designed intentionally made this process easy. The idea is that the table that holds the tag name, the tags used for the calculation and the formula and remains static meaning it is just storing raw data on it's own. The job that runs iterates over table and then is able to interpret the formula with the given tags for calculation and then spit out a result. The latest date from the latest value of either of the two tags used in the calculation is then used as the timestamp for the new value for the molar ratio tag.  Then the client has a stored procedure that insert values for tags manually. So then using this stored procedure, the new calculated value for the molar ratio tag and the timestamp get inserted to the values table for the given molar ratio tag and then the values are reflected on the historian front end apps like query or reports. This has been running since Friday last week. It seems like it has been running pretty well since the values for most of the things in the table are getting continuously updated.