---
Creation Date: 2024-08-26 13:54
---

<- [[2024-08-25]] | [[2024-08-27]]  ->

# 2024-08-23
Today was mostly learning more about matplotlib to better make the program I am developing. I haven't ultimately solved my final issue which is the weird secondary y axis not scaling to the data unlike the primary y axis which had no issues at all once I gave it the data. I watched a couple videos but I couldn't really find any that used two y axis so It wasn't much help but I got some insight into how to do things a lot better than my spaghetti looking handling of visualizations so it wasn't all for nothing. However later in the day Sean and I both received an interesting email from the client I started working with basically as soon as I started my coop term. This company is now pretty much ready to remove their old system and move over to their new Aveva System that Sean and I both helped integrate. In light of this they want to have someone on sight at their plant for a 12pm to 8pm shift so that if any issues occur then somewhere can be there to help. The reason for the weird hours is that Sherritt runs 12 hour shifts so they work 6am to 6pm, and 6pm to 6am since they are a 24 hour refinery. So we decided that I would go to site to cover this for the next two weeks since Sean is busy with other clients and I have familiarity with the tier 1 style questions that the operators would be asking. So the company decided to rent me a vehicle since they have no other way of getting me there. We aren't exactly sure if I'm gonna go on Tuesday or Wednesday since Matt needs to hear back from Leon before we confirm anything. I continue next week.