---
Creation Date: 2024-10-03 13:56
---

<- [[2024-10-02]] | [[2024-10-04]]  ->

# 2024-10-03
Some more development today. This morning with the help of the fill in IT person from our client I got the script to update the molar ratio tags that I made awhile ago. The problem was the job on SQL Server needed to be ran by the sys admin. Unfortunately, I am not SA and cannot make this change. I did however find an error in the script shortly after. I forgot to update the query used in the the job so right now it is not doing anything.  The thing that I forgot to update was the size of the string variables in the loop of the program. I didn't give them a specified size by accident so they defaulted to 1 character in size. This cause the script to try and update tags with a single character name which is impossible and cause the script do nothing. So this is something that will get fixed tomorrow morning and then hopefully these problematic MR tags will be done with. Other than that I did some more report patching. It seems like Sean had a meeting with some of the guys at aveva about the issues we have been having with report changes. They seem to have suggested that we enable the report locking features so that when a given user is using a report the report cannot be opened by others. This would eliminate the possibility that users would have conflicting changes between report versions. They also suggested that every time that we open the project we update from remote repository to be able to ensure that we have the latest version of the project when the studio is opened. This seems related to what we suspected earlier in the sense that users have differing project versions and when they save and commit the changes to the reports, the older versions of other reports are being saved instead of the updated changes others might be making. We also threw around the idea of having users install the studio on their remote machine and a local version of the project then pull changes from the remote version of the project similar to how git works. This is likely how the repository system is intended to be used.