---
Creation Date: 2024-05-24 15:02
---

<- [[2024-05-23]] | [[2024-05-25]]  ->

# 2024-05-24
Last day of another week. Once again some more report validation. I rounded out
verifying all the issues with the reports which means it was time to go through
and start fixing them. I started with the easy fixes like formatting or super
simple functional changes. This didn't take a lot of time and really minimized
the amount of time that I thought this process would take. Then as a break I
fiddled around with the engineering units as Sean sent me another list to try
and fill out the master list. Unfortunately, there are still a lot of missing
ranges, as not all these lists are complete it seems as even manually going
through the lists to find the incomplete ranges, they do not appear in any of
the files I was given. With that out of the way, I went back to the
verification. Earlier in the week, Sean had mentioned to me that there is a list
he had of tags that are dead, meaning they are no longer providing data to the
historian. The list is pretty long so before I go and try and fix all of the
reports that have data retrieval issues. This would stop me from banging my head
against the wall when I can't figure out why the reports aren't displaying data.
Using some python wizardry with an Excel manipulation library, I was able to
right a script that get all the tags in all the transferred reports, then gets
all the tags labeled "dead" or "old" then find the matches between the two. It
was quite a time save and satisfying to get this working. It seems it's easier
to do pattern matching with string in python than in Excel itself. 