---
Creation Date: 2024-08-21 14:17
---

<- [[2024-08-20]] | [[2024-08-22]]  ->

# 2024-08-21
Today I spent racking my brain trying to figure out the implementation of the bump plot the old dev was using. Reading his code made it very hard to understand where, when and why certain things were happening. Not to much his comments are extremely sparse and don't provide much insight into the code at all so I don't even know why they are really there. Clearly the old dev didn't know much about project compartmentalization at all either since everything is just thrown into one file and not separated into different files based on use case making the main script of the application extremely frustrating to navigate through and read. Which is pretty anti Pythonic as they say. I don't know much about data visualization in Python with libraries like matplotlib since I've never really need to use them anyway. So I think I'll have to spend sometime in the future to really learn the library since it is quite big and offers a lot of customization in terms of plotting and visualizing data. So what I'm trying to replicate is the bump test functionality of the original piece of software.  The way it is implemented in the original piece of software is that it plots the user loaded data. Then the user can use the provided zoom tool and snap that area of the graph that is zoomed in. Then the program does some sort of background math to deal with this collected data. I'm not exactly sure how the bump test works so I'll probably have to ask Matt about that one. Overall it's progressing nicely so far but 