---
Creation Date: 2024-10-02 15:07
---

<- [[2024-10-01]] | [[2024-10-03]]  ->

# 2024-10-02
Some good progress this morning. As I mentioned previously I was going to beef up the documentation for the sump analyzer script. This took sometime but I got it done pretty quick in the morning. I wanted to lay it out as if the documentation was explaining how to use the program from the perspective of someone who has never seen code before. That's what I have liked about using Jupyter Notebooks is that I can have pretty documentation in markdown which has support for stuff like code blocks and LaTeX formatting for fancy symbols like formulas. This allows for a nice single file that contains runnable code that can produce an output as if it was in it's own script file. This also makes it perfect for those trying to run or use a program. Think of if you want to give a program to someone and want to have them be able to use it comprehensively but don't have the time to teach them and help them with using it. A Jupyter Notebook could be given to them with steps for each section of utilization and all they have to do is may modify some values and press run and get the output. It is that simple and pretty much anyone on a computer can read and click the play button. I could see this being useful if the company ever wants me to make something and they want to keep using after I leave the company in December to go back to school. Otherwise just some more report work today. The client has now defined the reports that need to have complete functionality for the project to be finished, the others will be finished at a later date but are currently not a high priority. There are not a lot of remaining critical ones but the ones that are remaining have work that I can't really do. A couple of them, have miscalculated tags which Sean has to fix in System Platform.  The others are waiting on feedback from the testers so now we are at a stand still. I continue tomorrow.