---
Creation Date: 2024-10-28 08:28
---

<- [[2024-10-27]] | [[2024-10-29]]  ->

# 2024-10-25
It's Friday! Still work to do. I kept going through my spreadsheet and making notes where applicable. I wrapped this up pretty quick because the the list of potential issues with the data difference is quite small so identifying the discrepancy between the data was easy and quick. Then I had Lane messaging me again to make some changes to his reports due to his fear of conflicts of him working in report studio at the same time as me. This has been pretty much how my days have been going as of late. Not a whole lot going on as I keep making small changes to reports and asking the testers to keep testing their stuff. I am leaving the spreadsheet I am responsible for till next week as Sean mentioned that we could both crackdown and work on them together as he has one he need to convert as well. There are only around 2 reports I have to finish and another one that is waiting on a long hunt as to the origin of some tags that are needed in one of the reports I am responsible for. This led him to getting on a call and talking with Jim who works at the client. He is one of the most experienced and knowledgeable people at the plant. He knows a lot of all of these older tags that no one else would likely know. Sean called him because he noticed that the formula that the old system is using isn't calculating the same result as if you just put the formula in Excel and calculate it manually. This led him and Jim to go through a bunch of tests trying to figure out why the formula wasn't giving the same result. Despite Jim's wealth of knowledge, they could not come up for a logical reason as to why the calculation isn't adding up. Jim eventually suggested that they contact the director who was likely the guy who wrote the formulas when the old system was first implemented. Anyway that's about it for this week. See ya next week.