---
Creation Date: 2024-10-04 13:56
---

<- [[2024-10-03]] | [[2024-10-05]]  ->

# 2024-10-04
Well some good news today. I found another slight issue with my sql job on the server. Turns out by default whenever a script errors in a job the script exits after execution. I did notice these errors  when I was running the script manually but I didn't really think anything of it since I knew the cause of the errors. The errors happen when a tag used in the calculation don't have any values at the latest calculation date, therefore the calculation cannot be performed.  The script doesn't stop when it is running manually but do to the configuration of the sql job the script comes to a halt. Now this is not that difficult to implement a fix. Basically, we need a way of finding the error and running statement when an error is found. Now the obvious solution is using a try catch block which I did. I basically wrapped the whole loop in the try part of the block so that it tries to execute it normally and if it hits an error something else happens. Since the loop manually increments the id it's looking I just copy pasted the increment into the catch section of the block so that it can continue processing regardless of error. After a short email to the fill IT person I was able to get the job updated and it seems like the entries are now coming in whenever the data is updated. This was fun little test of how good my sql skills are and see if I actually know what I'm talking about. Interestingly, later I got a message from the lead on the project at the client. Basically, it was a very informal job offer. This was kind of surprising to me but definitely a confidence booster. Ultimately, I responded with I want to finish school and weigh my options if others present themselves. 