---
Creation Date: 2024-05-27 14:58
---

<- [[2024-05-26]] | [[2024-05-28]]  ->

# 2024-05-27
Today I started by continuing what I had begun last week, finding dead tags. I was tasked with finding the dead tags in reports if they exist. As previously mentioned I used python to find the dead tags that were in use, which saved alot of time. However, I made a sheet that tracks which tags are dead, what table they are in and what report that table belongs to. This was painfully boring and tedious because due to how we setup the tracking for what tags go in what tables when the transfers were made. Even using python this would prove to be a task way too lengthy, ultimately I ended up doing in manually, boring but more efficient then either of the two methods. Then after that I made a new column in the acceptance testing sheet which identifies the dead tags in each table for each report. Afterwards, I updated the notes of all the reports with dead tags to mention that they have one. Now, the remaining problematic tables that do not have dead tags need to be dealt with. Sean informed this is likely do to a driver issue, mainly the integral driver to improper math, causing an error thus no values being displayed. He was busy this afternoon so he couldn't help me setup or change the drivers that need fixing, but we can get to that tomorrow. These drivers do math in the background when pulling data from the historian given specific parameters. This is how we dynamically display data and specific units for data. Basically the