---
Creation Date: 2024-11-29 08:40
---

<- [[2024-11-28]] | [[2024-11-30]]  ->

# 2024-11-26
Back at the office and actually staying. Yay! Ryan sent me a message last night saying that he swapped the the ethernet cables in Sean and office and said it should be good for me to come back in. That made me excited cause quite honestly I don't like working at home. I think my mind is pretty black and white when it comes to work life balance. I like the office because it is the isolated place where I do work and I like home because that's my signal that I'm on my own time. The isolation really makes me more productive at the office anyway. Some more discussion at the meeting about data importing and what everyone is up to. They said that the data import should be highest priority right now as it is essential for there accounting, records etc. So Sean and I started coming up with a plan to tackle this. We have would ideally like to avoid having to input a bunch of tags into the plugin manually. So I begin looking for ways to get into the functionality of the API of the plugin so that I can see if there is a hack workaround to get more than one tag at a time. The plugin supports wildcard expressions but not regex so trying to query multiple tags at one is a huge pain unless there is some sort of super simple pattern across the naming conventions. I managed to figure out how the API request is built. And after some experimentation I found that they have built the API in such a way so that you cannot do multiple tag names at all. Which feels like a developer oversight to me. This implies that the reporting frontend that they have makes a bunch of requests at once and they returns the data that way across a bunch of different responses. This seems like inefficient to me. The way AVEVA handles it is the request comes back with a bunch of tag names. The downside to this is that if you are query a bunch of tags like hundreds 