---
Creation Date: 2024-11-25 13:27
---

<- [[2024-11-24]] | [[2024-11-26]]  ->

# 2024-11-20
Back on site today, and more of the same. We had Hope driving us around again and giving us a tour. David was back with us and able to tackle his regular things. Today we talked a bit more about the data import and how it's going to work. I told them about my script that I made and how it should be able to import data at a faster rate than expected. I also explained to them that the longest part of the process is pulling the data from the old system using the excel add in of the old system. There is a ton of tags, and the manual entry tags which are the ones that record the data that the operators collect and input into the system. This is the most important data to make sure that transfer over because the data cannot be sourced from anywhere else and the data cannot be backfilled as there is no reference and the interval for entering can be all over the place. We are currently looking into how we can backfill calculated data but for now the manual entry data will do. The script was working before I left for site so things should be good once I'm back. Other than that the usual feedback since today is a new crew. Tab order being broken on some of the reports, breaking down the structure of the reports and making it easier to find certain thing. One new update about the printing stuff. We added a bunch of pdf generation buttons to the reports that need to be printed. This basically just comes up with the print popup window and then the user selects the printer and all the settings and then they can print the report. The feedback on this was great. The report is formatted in a more column formatted way so that the printout is a little more concise. Good to hear that people are liking the minor change we are making over time. 