---
Creation Date: 2024-08-26 15:27
---

<- [[2024-08-25]] | [[2024-08-27]]  ->

# 2024-08-26
More script development today. I managed to figure out my previous issue with the y axis not scaling correctly. It's turns out that when you use the `twinx()` method it actually returns the secondary y axis as an object. Before I was just plotting both data sets on the same axes but still creating the the two different axis but I just wasn't using the other one. Once I plotted the other data set it auto scaled and then the graph looked how it should. No updates as to when I am going to the site I mentioned before. Matt says he's waiting for a reply from Leon as to when I should come out. He actually came by my office as I was writing this and they still don't know when exactly I am going to go to site. Matt says the earliest I would be going is Wednesday which alright with me the less time I have to spend there the better plus it gives me sometime to mentally prepare myself. It's kind of crazy that I'm going to site by myself. Kieran was telling me that he has never been to site alone and he's a legitimate worker here at DCD. He was even telling me some of the more senior guys have never been to a site alone. This is a little stressful but also exciting for me. Stressful in the sense that I have to the site alone and represent the company but also makes me feel like they believe that I'm capable of good work here since they trust me enough to go alone. It means they think I'm competent at the least. Still not really sure when I'm going but I guess I'll find out soon enough.