---
Creation Date: 2024-10-08 14:07
---

<- [[2024-10-07]] | [[2024-10-09]]  ->

# 2024-10-08
I forgot to mention it yesterday, but I had a meeting with some of project leads
with the client. They basically told us that the business side of the company
gave a final day for the go live. They told us the date is Nov 15 so a little
over a month. This is a fine date given the circumstances. Most of the report
work is done in terms of the critical ones, meaning that that would be the bear
minimum for the report to be marked as completed. One of the pm split the list
up between Leon and I so that we would have equal workload. Each of the reports
has also been given due dates. I comes out to about 1.2 reports a week for me.
These should be relatively easy to do. The biggest hurdle is gonna be trying to
build the big reports from their old system on the overview that we didn't know
about. There is around four pages with easily over 60 tags for each page. This
is more just a huge time consuming. We are hoping that there is an easier way to
make these since they kinda seems like just different parts of either reports
mishmashed into one making them seem really big and intimidating but if they are
just small chunks of other reports that means they may already be made just
scattered across the whole project. If that is the case then this makes this
task a whole lot easier, the time is just spent on looking and copy and pasting
tables instead of trying to rebuild everything again. So that'll be my focus for
the next month. See ya tomorrow.