---
Creation Date: 2024-09-05 14:22
---

<- [[2024-09-04]] | [[2024-09-06]]  ->

# 2024-09-05
All of today I spent doin some development of the script. The script development went well today. Rod clarified somethings for me in the terms that the different ways of recognizing if things should be transferred should be more on an OR style process where the system chooses which case to process based on what files are in the directory or what the user specifies. So then depending on the case the script will jump to the required spot for processing. Then do the appropriate task to complete the zipping and moving process. Again as mentioned in an earlier log, the date handling part is the most difficult. The batch file script is really terse so the language is hard to use alot of the time. This is unfortunately the compromise we have to make for compatibility across all the sites on different version of windows.  It really makes me appreciate the fact that other languages have things to handle stuff nicely like this so that it's easier to read and use. Like I would probably already have this done if I was allowed to use python for all of it but alas defeated by legacy hardware and software. I wish they had like central standard ecosystem across all their sites so this wouldn't be as big of a deal but I suppose that's maybe a little too much to ask for. This will be a good learning process though on something I have never really done before in terms of programming since I started get interested in computing and programming. I actually have a lot of fun writing simple scripts like this, you get like instant feedback and a lot of joy when it comes to making stuff. Tomorrow is fr