---
Creation Date: 2024-09-18 13:31
---

<- [[2024-09-17]] | [[2024-09-19]]  ->

# 2024-09-17
Back to the grind. A little different stuff happened today I did some report stuff in the morning. And then I got my other set of credentials for the client with Rod to be able to access all the sites that have data that get transferred up to their central data server. This was a time and a half, I had to get credentials to be able to get onto the cloud pc that was created for me. Then I needed credentials to be able to get onto the jump box that allows to access to jump again to the secure zone where on there I have remote connection manager to access all the different sites in one program. This is a lot of hoops to jump through not to mention that these credentials are not permanent and get cleared every 8 weeks. Luckily this will only happen to me once since I am only at the company for another 3 ish months. Again, with the other client with Sean I'm not really sure when I will be able to get actually do work for this project as this client seems to be taking up alot of my time. I don't really know when the project will be finally wrapped up but it is getting stagnant for me personally. Matt also came by my office today and asked me if I would be able to make a piece of software that can take a large data set apply a formula and then find values that are 5% out of range relative to something I don't exactly remember what. This is completely doable with python with the help of some math libraries. So far I've made an analyzer class since I want to tackle this project in a object oriented style for practice. I've written methods for the class that load and allow for the usage of applying a formula to the dataset. 