---
Creation Date: 2024-11-29 09:05
---

<- [[2024-11-28]] | [[2024-11-30]]  ->

# 2024-11-27
Well we finally decided what to do about the manual data import. Seems like I'm
going to have to input all the 1000 tags manually into their old plugin and
manually query the data that way. This will legitimately give me carpal tunnel
and want to make me bang my head against the wall with boredom. So naturally, if
you have actually read everything I have written to date then you would know
that I am one for automation. This task definitely requires automation. So to
the automation brain storming I went. I first looked into ways I could maybe
automate web requests. Make a bunch of web requests to get all the data needed
and backfill the data. So I tried to see if I could get this to work. But this
quickly became evident that this wasn't the right thing to do. So I sought other
methods. I finally came across the method I was looking for. Python. It always
seems to be the answer to things that I need to do. I don't know any specific
modules that are capable of doing what I need but to do some research anyway to
figure out the exact method I want to use. I have landed on doing some sort of
keyboard mouse automation to automate the querying of the tags names. I found
pyautogui which does exactly what I need. There are a bunch of methods to move
the mouse to specific positions on the screen and it can also do keyboard inputs
which made life even easier. I did some more research on the library and built a
small test program myself. It seems like the actual program I will build to
complete the task will be quite quick as well. Anyway, I'll throw something
together tomorrow and see what can be done.