---
Creation Date: 2024-09-30 14:30
---

<- [[2024-09-29]] | [[2024-10-01]]  ->

# 2024-09-30
Back to work on this fine Monday. I did some more client work. Sean and one the IT guys from the client are on break today and aren't in so it is pretty much just me doing any work on their server right now. I ran into some issues with committing to the report repository though. It seems like there does not have to be two people to cause issues with the repository system. I swear that that I made a big change to a report and saved and committed my changes but they did stay when I went back in after the project refresh. Once again, a victim of reversion. We still do have an outstanding ticket with the support team for the software but we have yet to hear back. This took up most of my day up until lunch. Afterwards I did some research as to how I could make the sump analyzer faster. I did some research this weekend and found some optimizations I could make. Turns out that there is a prebuilt method in the pandas library for sliding windows. The sliding window is a data structure that is used to move across a set amount values in a dataset. Since we need to calculate the slope every 90 values this structure is perfect for the this application. The sliding window performs the calculation over the amount of values specified then moves the window one value to the right. until the end of the data set is reached. I was trying to do this manually before but I think that was too computationally heavy and made the operation take far too long on large datasets. Using the provided "rolling" method from the pandas library I was able to perform the calculation across the whole file in about a minute. This comes out to about 300000 rows in a minute which is pretty efficient 