---
Creation Date: 2024-10-01 14:16
---

<- [[2024-09-30]] | [[2024-10-02]]  ->

# 2024-10-01
Well a start to the new month and an unfortunate start to the morning. I looked
at the sump analyzer script today after brainstorming some more and determining
what I want it took look like. I mentioned last time that I transplanted it into
a Jupyter Notebook for mainly debugging purposes but also for easier
understanding for someone else if they wanted to take a look at how it worked.
It is fairly simple to read but has a little more explanation as to how things
are working. I think I might add a little more detail so that when Matt comes
around to see it'll be more thoroughly documented. He seems pretty happy with
the results I have shown him so far since he complimented my work which felt
nice. Speaking of he told me he would organize sometime later this week to sit
down and take a deeper look as to what I have and see where we can take this,
assuming he wants it developed some more or some additional features added.
Anything he asks should be relatively easy since the hard part is done, finding
out any additional info about the data should be easy and is probably covered by
a method in pandas or I can write a short function that leverages these methods.
I think I really want to go down the data science route because at this current
position it is a lot of fun and I really like doing it. Something is kind of
satisfying about being able to calculate over a million rows of excel in a
minute. I think I really like the optimization aspect of it all the most trying
to find the quickest way to get to the result I want. It's like a big puzzle.
The thing that went wrong today is that I can't do any work for our client
because my multi factor authentication isn't working for remote access to the
server. Of course this happens when the IT guy we usually deal with for stuff
like this is away and not working at all. So instead I had to forward my issue
to the Sherritt help desk. So it'll likely be around two weeks before I get
access back seeing how IT requests usually take a long time regardless of what
company they were at. Anyway only 3 months left of this coop which is crazy time
has flown by. I continue tomorrow.