---
Creation Date: 2024-10-24 12:18
---

<- [[2024-10-23]] | [[2024-10-25]]  ->

# 2024-10-23
Some more report work today and we've hit a breakthrough. Awhile ago, I talked about how different people have been having tags change on their reports in their own instance. This is odd because we tried to prevent this by setting up the remote development feature which also helped with mitigating the project corruption problem we were running into before anyway. The project corruption has been solved but the tag switching has not been resolved. So David, Lane and I did some testing to figure out why this was happening. One thing we noticed is that if some leaves their own instance of report studio open after some one makes changes on a report and they do not close and open their own instance after the changes are made and applied. This we determined is likely because we are not using the remote development feature in the way it was intended to be used. The ideal configuration we suspect is that each user is supposed to have a local version of reports studio on their own pc, that pull the project file from the server which hosts the actual final version of all the reports that get displayed on the web portal. Then users make changes without other users causing conflict. Then once they push their changes the server instance checks for conflicts and then the user pushing resolves them. Then other users can pull from the repository and see the updated changes. This is very much like a git configuration with the local versions being kind of like everyone having their own branch. Our config technically everyone is working on the same the same file which can cause some weird stuff to happen. Next thing, is that we discovered that if users do open their instance and leave it open after others make changes. Then the built in tag dictionary in the report system is different since it is local to the user. So the way reports are built all the tags in a report are given IDs which then the local tag dict that is in your instance of studio acts as a hashtable. So when the report is loaded the studio grabs the ids from the report then looks at your tag dictionary and get's the output tag from the ID. So then if your tag dictionary is not the same as some elses and you commit your changes, you are effectively making changes to