---
Creation Date: 2024-09-17 14:34
---

<- [[2024-09-16]] | [[2024-09-18]]  ->

# 2024-09-16
Well guess what more remote support for me. Slowly, slowly chipping away. I got to help David one of the IT members of our client. He was asking me something about SQL which at this point I am very familiar with at this point. Basically there was something wrong with operator comments not going through to the tables or the SQL table it seems like. I did a deep dive and found that the comments were not even making it to the correct SQL table. This lead me to believe that the query or whatever way the comments are being inserted into SQL is wrong. So I investigated what the query that the comment box on the report was running to insert the comments into the SQL table. For the comments, they use a stored procedure that inserts a string at with a time and date stamp. I noticed that the table specified to insert the value into was wrong. First of all it was taking the value of an object on the report when the object didn't even exist. It was referencing an object that was from a similar reports with comments. This is likely due to it being copy pasted and didn't know that you needed to change this part of the report. Second it was referencing the wrong table which once again is due to it being copy pasted. So after a little investigation this was pretty easy to fix and we implemented it quickly. Slowly and slowly we are getting through the reports and I'm seeing more and more start to pass the testing phase as we patch and apply small fixes to them. We are supplying full time support for at least September I know, so I'm not sure if we are going to be as heavily as involved