---
Creation Date: 2024-06-06 14:56
---

<- [[2024-06-05]] | [[2024-06-07]]  ->

# 2024-06-06
Taking the pc setup back up again today, Sean walked me through installing the correct components for the AVEVA suite of application this pc needs. It was basically just clicking some checkboxes and then waiting patiently. After about an hour everything that needed to be setup was done, Sean said he'd finish up for me when he comes in tomorrow. With that I was truly left with nothing to do. So then Sean suggested I contact Matt and see if he has anything else for me to do. Within a couple minutes Matt came by my office and explained to me something that I would be doing next. Basically I need to make access level changes to this HMI (Human Machine Interface) so that based on where it is being accessed the user will have different permissions and can only change certain things on the HMI. These changes need to be made in a software I have never used before. It's basically a front end piece of software that makes actions on the HMI more understandable by everyday operators. This was alot to take in. Matt had me read the security outline and the changelog for the HMI and how they wanted it configured. Basically telling me I need to document my every move. Oh boy this is where it starts. So far the work is quite primitive. However, now this is where the real learning begins, the whole reason I decided to do a coop. Matt assured me I could ask him questions, but my questions would probably be best given to Jeff, who has around 16 years of experience with this particular piece of soft