---
Creation Date: 2024-10-18 11:52
---

<- [[2024-10-17]] | [[2024-10-19]]  ->

# 2024-10-17
Well today was not the best day. I found out that a bunch of the report testers have not been updating the spreadsheet. The current system we have is that the report builders (me, Leon) will make the reports and ask the tester to test the report to see if it passable. They we mark the one cell with the comments on the spreadsheet as green meaning it is now in the hands of the tester and they have to test the report. Then if the report gets passed by the main tester then the report gets moved to the main folder. If it doesn't pass then the tester is responsible for leaving a comment describing why the report didn't pass and then the cycle begins again with the builders making changes. After the tester finishes testing they should mark the sheet as orange to notify the builders that the report needs more changes. However, this week it appears that this wasn't happening unfortunately. This lead to some of my reports that I am responsible for are running behind. Kind of not my fault but definitely not not my fault.  This lead to a little bit of stress from my end, since my workload essentially randomly doubled. But it turned out the changes for the ones I was responsible for were not that bad since a couple of them might not even need to exist. So that caught me up a little bit. I still don't know really how to handle my spreadsheet. Maybe I should verify the data before completely converting the spreadsheet completely. I think Leon was doing that if I remember correctly. 