---
Creation Date: 2024-11-13 13:58
---

<- [[2024-11-12]] | [[2024-11-14]]  ->

# 2024-11-13
Well well, the final day in the office for the week before I head down to the client for the next little bit. I made some great progress today. I finished up the script to automatically get the import file needed for the data import. It uses python as always and pandas to handle the data. The script right now takes the data in after it is queried in the client's old system. The script takes in the data and grabs the tag names in the old system out of it. The script then takes the tag name and the data and creates a Entry object which I custom made in the script that contains the data and a few other parameters. Then the entries get added to custom Tag objects from the tag name list. In the custom Tag objects, when the name of the tag get's set, a function get's called that lookups the aveva tag equivalent in the lookup sheet and returns the value found. Then the list's of entries in the Tag objects gets written tag by tag to the csv in order of timestamp. The values on each line are delimited by "|" characters since this is how the documentation suggest it be done. I forgot to mention but before the entries get written to the file the header needed to specify the delimiter and who is adding the data, what time zone they are using and the type data etc... get's written to the top of csv file. Afterwards the actual data get's appended to the file. This make a file that is primed for importing. Once I did a tester with a couple tags I then passed the file to Sean who did a test import using the file I gave. He said a parameter needed to be changed but once it got changed he let me know that the import worked and no errors were thrown. He also mentioned that it was quite fast given the fact that we are using the normal import and not self proclaimed "fast" import that is also in the documentation. Now time to tackle the longest part about this process which is querying all the necessary data from the old system. The main issue with this that the old system forces you to enter each tag name one by one instead of just being able to just highlight a list in excel and have the plugin do the rest. This makes the process much longer than it should be and really makes me question how long the client spent building spreadsheets since some of them have upwards of one hundred ta