---
Creation Date: 2024-12-11 07:49
---

<- [[2024-12-10]] | [[2024-12-12]]  ->

# 2024-12-10
Some more development today. I managed to get the combo boxes working super nice. The other thing I wanted to tackle was the auto filing of the input boxes with the ranges. I want the script to auto analyze the the max in min values in the data then fill the appropriate input boxes with the correct ranges automatically. This is kinda of what I think would be nice quality of life improvement. I am trying to think of other things like this that would make the program alot nicer to use then the current program. This would make it especially more user friendly. This has pretty much been my day to day. Not a lot of features implemented today anyway just smoothing out the ones I have already implemented. My improvement in my coding abilities has been pretty good. I have only recently noticed after going back and looking at my old code. I think trying to improve and watching videos with programming information is what ultimately has allowed me to improve, other than just flat out writing code. I feel like my code is also much more organized. In general, I have begun to favour a more containerized code structures. For example, every class get's it's own file, unless the class is very similar to another. Functions are grouped in files based on what function they serve for a part of the overall project, as an example all functions related to a Database would be in one file, data processing functions would all be in one file etc... I have also become more well versed in using type hint in Python as well. I even gone as far as beginning to make my own custom types since a lot of short syntax for custom typing has been added to Python in recent versions. 