---
Creation Date: 2024-10-11 13:29
---

<- [[2024-10-10]] | [[2024-10-12]]  ->

# 2024-10-11
Well I wish my days were more exciting but I am just doing more report work. I tried coming up with an easier to convert the sheets but unfortunately, the sheet is kinda broken/ half converted already. This is super frustrating especially since this is one of the last hurdles that needs to be done before we are almost done with the client. Other than that I had to figure out why some tags were not lining up on one of my reports but that was pretty easy to fix. Sean explained to me that RHR tags that are basically tracking the hours for the machine that it is linked to. Then with the counter retrieval method which basically sums the value of the tag over the given time period we arrive at around 12 hours. Which checks out with the result in KM since I guess this machine is designed to reset every twelve hours. My issue was that it I didn't know that counter worked relative to the time period it is enabled for. Otherwise my work is pretty good right now. I am ahead on my reports that I am responsible for which is a nice spot to be. Most of the remaining changes need to be confirmed by other people. Alot of these not passed reports have a no problems though. But what I mean by that is the reports are good but the operators are not changing the time when they are doing their manual entries. Their old system would just submit the data at the time closest to the back round entry time. All of the tags that were manual entry had a stored time that they would be entered so that the time of the report didn't matter. This, as far as we know, does not exist natively in Aveva reports. So workaround is to have a manual entry box that is linked to a variable object that can't be seen on the report. Then a supplementary 