---
Creation Date: 2024-08-27 14:33
---

<- [[2024-08-26]] | [[2024-08-28]]  ->

# 2024-08-27
Little script development today. I did some development to make an object to
store the snaps for the bump plot but other than that I got some other remote
support to do for the company that I am supposed to go to site for. Sean had me
look at a spreadsheet I made a couple months ago. Basically the spreadsheet
allows you to make queries for tag data in Excel. The issue with Excel add in
for historian is that you can only use one retrieval method for each query you
make. So if you want different retrieval methods you need to make a bunch of
separate queries. Obviously this is very annoying as a user, so this sheet aims
to fix that. All you need to do is put in the tags you want data for, select the
retrieval method for each and you will a nice table with data for each of the
tags. Sean just wanted me to double check that it still worked which it did.
Next thing I had to check is how the SQL statements for the comment submissions
on some of the reports took in the time. Right now they take in the time that
you hit the submit button instead of matching the time period of the table. They
do want the time to match the time period however. So after some investigation I
found out that the time is getting pulled from the current time variable on the
report instead of the time period calculation. So basically for them to fix it
they just need to figure out if they want he start or end time and use that
variable instead. It's kinda fun how Sean just delegates the SQL stuff to me
since I've done it in school and it's more fresh to me then him. I really like
doing SQL stuff so I don't mind at all. Anyway, I continue tomorrow.