---
Creation Date: 2024-06-11 14:43
---

<- [[2024-06-10]] | [[2024-06-12]]  ->

# 2024-06-11
More HMI stuff today. I made my way through the one HMI I have been working on since Friday smoothly, barely having to ask Jeff any questions. It's nice to be self sufficient and just get work done smoothly, troubleshooting isn't usually fun for most people. The more annoying part of this task is the documentation for sure. Basically I have to record all changes made on the HMI so there is a record. This consists of a screenshot of fixed 1500 pixel width for some reason, a red border around the change on the screenshot for a addition, or hard change, a black border for thing being left as is. This is a pretty tedious process having to be done for every individual change but it could be worse. I also have some qualms with the InTouch HMI software. The select of items is done with the mouse (yuck) and like to move stuff if you simply use left click to select the items. This is frustrating and can be hard to reverse. Therefore, it is safer to use shift click which doesn't move the object and just selects it. Then you can edit the properties as you wish. However my biggest gripe is that there is not a key for deselecting the object, you have to shift clicking again. This is just too much for me I much prefer using hotkeys to navigate and do actions rather then the mouse but alas. Luckily there are some nice hotkeys for common activities and menus which makes some property editing easier. Once I wrapped up this HMI, Jeff instructed me to put it on the server in the appropriate folder. However, the folder has disappeared from the file explorer on my system. Odd situation, but the same thing happened to another team.  Od