---
Creation Date: 2024-08-12 14:50
---

<- [[2024-08-11]] | [[2024-08-13]]  ->

# 2024-08-12
More script development today. I got the script to mock the output that Sean's excel formula did. The issue I'm still running into is that the tag lookup sheet isn't accurate for some of the tags included in the workbook I'm using for testing. I managed to find a workaround but this might not work for other sheets in the future so I'll need to find a better solution. Overall I'm happy with how it works. This morning I decided to start from scratch and refactor everything since last week I wasn't happy with how the script was designed from the start. The way I wrote it this time with inserting the values into an object I made as I got them instead of later proved to be more efficient and easier to implement. This made it much easier to get the desired result. I am having a little bit of trouble implementing the replace all functionality. I'm trying to used the range where cells have value in the function then replacing all instances of a string in that range with another string. This was the hurdle we ran into using standard excel. I am trying to iterate over every sheet in the workbook then get the used range of every sheet(the ranges that contain values in each sheet) and then replace the values that need to be replaced. For some reason this isn't working as expected and the output doesn't throw an error when the script is ran. The issue with excel script is they use like a mini VSCode for editing but the console output is much worse and doesn't explain much when an error is given. I'll do some thinking tonight and see what I can come up with.