---
Creation Date: 2024-12-03 14:14
---

<- [[2024-12-02]] | [[2024-12-04]]  ->

# 2024-12-03
Wow what a quiet day. Not much activity from the client except for the regular meeting that we have every morning. I started development again on the CLAW program that Matt let me start rewriting a while ago. The program is meant for PID tuning. It was developed by a process engineer and somehow DCD came along and managed to use it. After looking at the source code, you can tell the code base was made by someone who was not a programmer. The ideas behind the code are alright, there are just some syntax errors that still kind of work because python is designed to interpret common syntax mistakes and still make the script function. I did some browsing of the docs of some of the libraries used in his script to see what the code was doing in terms of functionality. I found that alot of the source code seems to be copy pasted from the documentation or slightly modified documentation code examples. This is partially why the program has so much boilerplate code that doesn't really do much for the overall functionality of the program. The code is also a bit of a mess. This might be partially due to the fact that the programmer use PythonQT which is a winforms like studio to design GUIs for python apps. I have tried using it before and decided that I do not like it very much. It feels like something I have seen with a lot of python programs, that they are shoe horning a language like python into a sector of programming it might not be intended for and trying to use it like a jack of all trades language. PythonQT feels like one of these "shoe hornings". This is why I have opted to switch to C# winforms instead. The designer is much better in my opinion and makes a lot more sense to use with C#. Not to mention I have a fair amount of experience with C# winforms apps. 