---
Creation Date: 2024-09-23 13:53
---

<- [[2024-09-22]] | [[2024-09-24]]  ->

# 2024-09-23
More remote support today and some pretty general stuff nothing too crazy. I had a talk with Rod today about where the work I'm doing for him is going. Basically the project is supposed to finish this month and he doesn't really know how it is going to go forward from here on. He told me that the higher ups don't really seem like they have plan or even really an idea on how to proceed/care to proceed. So the script thing I'm doing is kind of in limbo because if they decide not to pay us to do sustainment then the project is just kind of over and we don't really know how or when that could happen. Rod made it seem like they don't really the complexity of how the data transfer works and only have a high level view of how things go and don't really know the nitty gritty. Ultimately it is on them whether they want us to keep maintaining, but I can't help but feel like we should do more. I talked about this with Ryan and Jeff one day. They think that the reason we do such a good job here is because it feels like everyone cares a more than the average. It's not really about making the product nice or doing a good job for the customer more than it is doing good job so that you can take pride in your own work. This also makes me motivated to work on something, If I take pride and want to make a product good then I will naturally be more motivated to make it work. This is true for when I am programming I take way more care in my code if it is something that I want to work on instead of something that is just throw away, hence more motivation to do personal projects then work on school assignments or something else that doesn't really mean a how lot to me personally. Anyway I just realized I've almost been here for around 5 months which is kinda crazy 