---
Creation Date: 2024-05-28 15:00
---

<- [[2024-05-27]] | [[2024-05-29]]  ->

# 2024-05-28
Just some more, report verification for today. Except Sean and I did a little
bit of a deep dive into some of the tags that are causing us issues. Some of the
tags were producing weird results and 0s where there shouldn't be. So, we
managed to figure why the initial one was due to a miscalculation involving
engineering units. Basically since the engineering units have been messed up
from the start, and this is a fundamental way that the AVEVA software calculates
specific values, especially flows which are just calculated using integration.
This gives wildly different values despite the values actually being logged to
be used in the calculation are the same on both sides. A little annoying but not
a big issue. Next we came across the fact that the last integrator just copied
things over without really checking of fixing anything. This means that an
undetermined amount of reports could just have wrong drivers causing the wrong
type of data to be displayed in the first place. Again, really annoying but not
the worst. But by far the worst thing we came across today is that whoever chose
the name for tags did a terrible job. Apparently, there are a bunch of manual
entry tags that only point to the old system and not the new one which is fine
cause some of them end in "ME" for "Manual Entry", clearly identifying them.
Which would be great, if they were all like that. The vast majority of about the
500 or so tags don't have any indication that they are manual entry tags. Once
again, they show data on the old system leading you to believe that you messed
something up or something is wrong with the tag if don't recognize that it is a
manual entry tag. Every day I'm reminded as to how poor a job the last
integrator has done. It's problems built on the foundation of more problems. But
everyday Sean and I attempt to solve more and more of them, which is nice.