---
Creation Date: 2024-07-17 15:07
---

<- [[2024-07-16]] | [[2024-07-18]]  ->

# 2024-07-17
Since the script is finished now and working, I looked into making it an exe.
This is a bit of a different process since this done in python which is usually
a script / console based language with some external packages that can allow you
to make GUIs. If I had made this in C#, which would have probably taken more
time but been quicker (even though my script runs nearly instantly) it would've
have been easy to give this a GUI and make very windows like in terms of UX. But
for something like this the easy syntax of python and the fact that I already
had a good idea on how to do this in python I just stuck with the snake
language. Using a module called PyInstaller, you can compile all your python
code in your environment into one executable file which can be ran by double
clicking and then it will just bring up the console window as if you ran the
code from the terminal. I found this to be a nice middle ground as it let me
skip making a GUI but also made it easier to use for less terminal savvy users.
That being said, most of the people who work are familiar with some applications
running through a terminal as other programs like this one have been written but
if I can make the experience a little better with little to no effort, then why
not. I also made some more comments despite python being a very readable
language just for future me in case I come back to the script. I also stripped
out some code that was no longer needed which really cleaned up the script
nicely. Afterwards I moved back to the work the liquids team gave me which is
pretty much just updating a template file they use for their recipe screen on
their sites. All in all a pretty good day.