---
Creation Date: 2024-08-28 13:58
---

<- [[2024-08-27]] | [[2024-08-29]]  ->

# 2024-08-28
It's a remote support type of day. I've basically just been doing some standard remote support stuff for our client that is switching over there system and needs some help making sure that it at least goes semi smoothly. The big discussion involving me today was how to organize the trends in the web client since they haven't been organized yet. These are the same web trends that I imported a while ago using a script I developed awhile ago. The main reason I made the script in the first place was to import a large amount of trends from local files to the web client since Aveva has no native way of doing this. There was almost five hundred trends that needed to be imported and you bet that I'm gonna try and find a way to automate the process instead of wasting a whole work week remaking things that are already made. So with that in mind, I made the script in about a day, did half a day of testing and then began transferring the reports. The script pretty much just remade the JSON that the web client would push to the SQL table that housed all the web trend data. My script just takes the local file which is basically just an xml file that has data for the layout of the trend in it. So the script just looks at the xml for the tag names for the trend and then builds the json, encodes it then inserts it into the SQL table. I just did this for all of the trends that the company had and it worked out really well. One thing that I did not do was organize the data in anyway. The trends were already in a messy file structure so it was difficult for me to tell if their was any organization to begin with. Ultimately nothing was decided in terms of organization so I am waiting to here what they decide to do about that. The other thing Sean brought up to me when he showed up today was that the same client is looking to revamp their logging system. Right now everything they do is on paper which is really inefficient compared to digital methods of storage nowadays. Sean asked me to look into see if Aveva has any software under their umbrella that could cover this use case and I did find a piece of software called Teamwork that seems to accomplish what they want and more. So I need to look into it a little more but it seems like the right software for the job they need done. Sean even mentioned that I might even get the chance to lead this project a little bit and get some experience with it. Also still no news as to when I'm going to site. I continue tomorrow. 