---
Creation Date: 2024-07-16 14:26
---

<- [[2024-07-15]] | [[2024-07-17]]  ->

# 2024-07-16
Back on the script development. Office has internet today so I went full speed ahead on the script development. I managed to get a working version and got it to generate a SQL statement to update the table that contains the charts for the web client. I ran the statement and it worked! I double checked that it actually made the chart in the web client and yay it was there. Such a relief that I had a working version that means I could tidy up the code a little bit and see if anything can be changed or removed. Originally I was using the csv dumps of the trend files to get the tag names of the chart, but Sean informed me that despite the trend file extensions being "aaTrend", they are basically just XML files. So I just made new function to browse through the XML which was actually a lot simpler than going through the csv. Another thing I discovered is if I don't provide the tag name any engineering units in the JSON object for the SQL table, Then it automatically pulls them for the tag. This allowed to completely omit the previous engineering unit fetching I was doing and saved a lot of headaches. Not to mention it also made the script run significantly faster. Now the only user input needed is the name of the SQL table for the output insert statement and voila. In the same directory the script generates a text document with all the insert statements needed for each chart. I also later added functionality to generate the URLs for each of the charts since they need to be visited once for the web client to notice they exist and populate them in the list of selectable trends. This is a moment where I am very thankful I took the time to learn some form of programming because if I didn't this