---
Creation Date: 2024-05-29 14:32
---

<- [[2024-05-28]] | [[2024-05-30]]  ->

# 2024-05-29
Today was problematic. First of all report verification was going well. With the
information Sean and I uncovered yesterday going through reports was much
quicker and easier. There were still a couple problems that I could not resolve,
such as data mismatch when all the parameters are correct on both reports. This
is likely do to how the data is being queried before even reaching the report.
These will likely be harder to trouble shoot down the line as the solution will
be more completed than meets the eye. But that was just the start. Later into
the afternoon Sean asked me to hop off the server so he could implement the new
dev server for the project. They've been wanting to separate the servers so
issues with multiple users developing in the software don't arise like before.
This great because it allows for versioning of the project as well, so if
someone implements something wrong or some update causes the project to break
and isn't recoverable from it's current state, we can go back to a previous
version and not lose all the data. This is a common form of version control like
Git, which is the gold standard when it comes to version control for
programming. This software's version control is exactly like Git in the sense of
commits which are when you make changes to the project and want to "save" those
changes to the project on the remote machine. This is what essentially is kept
as a record for previous versions. We brainstormed and decided that we should
probably not let everyone automatically commit to the project and have admins
control whether a commit is acceptable or not before is get pushed remotely.
Also, one of the dialogs for viewing the version history has the "revert to
previous version" button right next to the close button, which could be a
dangerous source of miss clicks. We fiddled around with some of the settings and
then I went to carry on my verification. However, to my surprise, all the
reports on the online version were no longer there and I had a connection issue.
This prevented me from doing report verification as I need to compare values
from the new and old reports and this portal is what allows me to do so. So I
was stuck doing nothing for the latter half of the day.