---
Creation Date: 2024-10-25 12:13
---

<- [[2024-10-24]] | [[2024-10-26]]  ->

# 2024-10-24
Yesterday was a pretty short date for me. This day was spent doing some more report stuff and figuring somethings out. Lane has been messaging a little bit to help with changes so that he doesn't have to risk things randomly changing. I'm fine with this since Lane is very competent when it comes to the work we are doing. He has a deeper understanding compared to most since he seems to have taken Sean's training from when we went to site and actually been able to grow and elaborate on it. He is constantly asking questions and really making an effort to try and understand what everything does and how it works. I wish more of the people we dealt with were like this. It's really refreshing to see someone like him care about what he does and want to make it better. So, when he asks me to make changes for him I don't mind since he is making an effort. I did some more looking at my spreadsheet and started comparing the data. I made a new sheet that get's the error percentage for the data between the two systems using an error percent calculation formula. Then I added some conditional formula to highlight the tags where the data is different by 5% or more. This is unofficially the allowed variance for data difference between the two systems. So then I went through all the tags that had differences above 5% and tried to figure out why. The most likely assumption is just that the wrong driver is being used and causing big data differences. But sometimes that wasn't the case and the data was still different despite using the same driver. I looked at the KM data which is the old system data from the client and noticed that the Excel plugin for this system is showing that the last 3 hours of data are way off the others, sometimes bigger, sometimes smaller for some reason and I don't know why. This is causing some pretty big error percentages for some reason and I'm not exactly sure why. I ended up just leaving a note to myself that this was happening. But that's pretty much it for today.