---
Creation Date: 2024-05-31 15:03
---

<- [[2024-05-30]] | [[2024-06-01]]  ->

# 2024-05-31
More report verification, except I'm back to being alone in my office. I felt
pretty motivated today, probably because it's Friday and I know if a power
through work time will come quicker and the weekend will come sooner. No
problems today oddly enough which made today a little boring. Never thought I'd
be asking for more problems, but here we are. Verification is going smoothly and
I've streamlined a workflow that works for me. Basically I load up both versions
of the report and load the same report in the editor. Then I see how the new
version data being generated looks compared to the old version of the report. If
the data does not match, I use the script I made to get the new system tag name
using the old system tag name, then check the tag in query to see if the values
there match the old report. If they match the new one and not the old one that
means that the issues lies out of my control and somewhere along the line the
value is getting changed for a reason unknown to me. If the values do match, I
then go to the report editor and make sure that everything is correct, this
includes drivers, tag names etc. I also mainly check if the tag is dead or a
manual entry. If the tag is dead it usually just puts out null values that the
system doesn't know how to read. The manual entry tags tend to just output the
same value over and over again for some reason because they are only connected
to the old system and not the new one quite yet, which explains the discrepancy
in data between the report version most of the time. If I can't solve or figure
out why the problem is happening, I usually bring it up to Sean and see if he
can help. Often times though, it is something out of our control. I pick up
verification again next week.