---
Creation Date: 2024-07-18 14:22
---

<- [[2024-07-17]] | [[2024-07-19]]  ->

# 2024-07-18
Another day of template file updates. This is where I kinda have a gripe with the difference in certain teams here. Basically the two different teams here like to develop HMI's slightly differently. The Gas team likes to build the windows in System Platform where they are treated as one single graphic with interactable parts. This means that all there objects and tags are defined within the System Platform. This makes for super easy object management with less features for visual customization. On the other hand, the liquids team uses InTouch which is a piece of software specifically designed for making HMI windows and liking tags to object in the HMI windows. This is still hosted through a System Platform Galaxy but all of the tag info and structure in contained within the InTouch application. This makes for some tedious problems for the trade off of nice looking graphics. One of these trade offs is template file which are loaded to form a baseline for new HMI windows. This allows the developers to keep a consistent look across windows they make. Unfortunately these are made by hand and need to be updated when things are changed after a while. This has been my job for two other relatively newer sites. The current one I'm working on is a huge pain because it's basically a Frankenstein of a bunch of other sites made in the past and the template file just never got updated to conform with the others. So it's now my task to do the updating. If this were done in pure System Platform then this would be easy. I could just to a big export. Instead I have to go through