---
Creation Date: 2024-08-21 13:48
---

<- [[2024-08-20]] | [[2024-08-22]]  ->

# 2024-08-20
More script development today. I cleaned up some of my code for the data tab. The original program lacks a lot of polish in terms of error handling. One of the first things I noticed when launching the console spits out a bunch of errors but somehow still manages to run. To be fair there is a fair amount of unfinished and unimplemented code that could be causing these but my point still stands. If anything this code should be commented out, removed or fixed, which is a big part of why I wanted to start this from the ground up again. Not to mention that the code is very disorganized and has some questionable choices made about its structure and procedures. For example the base program lack error handling for the most part and if it did have some sort of error handling the program wouldn't notify the user at all that they had triggered an error and something would have to be changed whether it be about their input or about the data they loaded into the program. So from my winforms experience (since this GUI software is basically winforms for Python) we should handle errors where it makes sense. On this software users need to a lower and upper range for the values from the data they load. Obviously, the lower range shouldn't be bigger than the upper range, but there isn't anything stopping the users from doing this so it needs to programmatically handled. My solution is when the user submits the data but the lower range is bigger than the upper range it pops up with a message box and says hey you can't do that (basically) and clear the range input boxes. So simple stuff like this will make the software much better. a