---
Creation Date: 2024-12-13 11:07
---

<- [[2024-12-12]] | [[2024-12-14]]  ->

# 2024-12-12
Another quiet day, I've further done some learning into some HMI stuff. Kieran
recently did some stuff with Ignition. Ignition is actually pretty cool. It is
definitely more oriented to a programmer than a process technologist. IT has
some cool implementations and a much more robust HMI graphic interface. Kieran
was explaining the licensing structure of ignition products and it seems a lot
better than traditional HMI IDE's because of this style of focus. I've mentioned
that Ignition leverages Jython for a lot of it's scripting. This makes it super
familiar to programmers like myself and eliminates a huge potential learning
curve for those already familiar with the language. Plus, the documentation for
Python is thorough so it is very clear how to program in it. This is a key issue
with a lot of other HMI software, a lot of them use their own scripting
languages which adds another step to learning. Not to mention that ignition also
encourages the use of docker to containerize your HMI's and Gateways. Not only
is this good in a practical aspect, this allows the HMI and Gateway to run
without the host operating system or other pieces of software directly being
able to affect it. Essentially it is running in a vacuum. The other thing is
that it basically removes inter-device compatibility so in theory as long as the
device is capable of running Docker it should be able to run the Gateway and HMI
no problem. So in theory if a site wanted to run the Ignition software on a
Linux box for whatever reason they should be able to without having to worry
about anything. I wish that other software companies would follow suite since I
think this overall just a great idea, even if the feature doesn't get used it is
a nice feature to have as an option.