---
Creation Date: 2024-08-29 15:01
---

<- [[2024-08-28]] | [[2024-08-30]]  ->

# 2024-08-29
Just some more remote support today. I started off by asking one of the clients
if they needed anything done in particular. They mentioned that some of the
reports need a sum or average total at the bottom of their tables and they are
following a specific procedure to implement these. They use single data objects
in a simple table that are linked to specific tags and use the built in
statistical function manager to get the values we are lookin for. There are a
bunch of reports that need these additions. We knew this initially when we were
first transferring the reports over to the reports app, but we decided to ignore
them, since we were not sure if we actually needed them or not. Low and behold
they were needed after all. So my main job was to go through these while
handling anything Sean threw my way. We also got asked about coming up with
digital logbooks system for the client as separate project. Since the license
they have from Aveva covers all the software they own they can just pickup new
Aveva products with no issue at all. This piece of software would cover asset
management, employing certification and training progress and issue reporting.
They want to upgrade to a system like this since the current system they are
using is all paper and no digitized at all. So the project would be taking their
current physical paper and converting it to digital and designing a system for
them so that they can easily track operator logs in a digital fashion in the
future. I watched webinar where they covered some of the features of this
product and it seems to cover everything the client wants in a piece of software
for this purpose. Sean fired off an email about so I hope they like what we've
found.