---
Creation Date: 2024-06-13 15:03
---

<- [[2024-06-12]] | [[2024-06-14]]  ->

# 2024-06-13
Well after a brutal sick day, I'm back at the office continuing on with HMI stuff. Today I called with Shane, who seems to be leading this HMI stuff. He instructed me that he update the graphics with the correct properties like Jeff and I were trying to do earlier in the week. He did them for both HMI's so now it was up to me to go through and fix some things. He told me that I now needed to go change the default values for all of the newly updated graphics with the changed custom properties. This involved going into each window and manually changing each value of the graphic, multiple times if there are many graphics. This proved to be pretty lengthy as the graphic we changed are used for alarms and a lot of the windows have alarms that contain the graphic. Then he said once I'm done with that I can go through and change the window properties of every popup type window to have +10 height and width then enable size controls. This took even longer as there is windows labeled clearly as a popup, and those that aren't. This resulted in me having to go through all windows just to verify that they weren't popup windows with a title bar. This took a couple of hours and made up most of my day. After I finished my documentation and those two lengthy tasks, it was time to move to the next HMI. Guess what I had to do for this one? The same thing all over again! So on top of those previous two lengthy tasks a whole new set of documentation and all the other more minor changes I made to the previous HMI had to made to the current HMI. Honestly the thing I'm concerned about the most is the ergonomics of my setup. The software being used doesn't have the most ergonomic keyboard shortcuts on top of me having to do the same keystrokes numerous times.