---
Creation Date: 2024-10-17 13:05
---

<- [[2024-10-16]] | [[2024-10-18]]  ->

# 2024-11-16
More report work. I started a conversion script for my spreadsheet that can hopefully work for others as well. I have run into some problems though. My script seems to work fine but then eventually doesn't make any changes and then just finishes without erroring. I don't exactly know where the problem could be coming from since no errors are being thrown. Initially I though I might've been forgetting to save the file that is outputted in the code. However it seems that I was wrong since when I save the file and try to open it after it says the file is corrupt and can't be opened. Another issue I think I found is that I realized the file is a macro workbook. I tried saving the file as a macro workbook but that did not work either. I think there is some debugging for me to do. I think my script should work in theory. This was fun to make because it took advantage of a lot of the more practical functions built into python. This one loop in there uses zip which basically allow you to iterate over two list or more at the same time and get the values at both points in the list at any time within the scope of the loop. This is super useful for spreadsheets. This program also leveraged the replace function. This function is actually a method called on instances of the string class. This method takes a substring found in the the string instance and replaces with the specified string. Not the craziest method to exist but still extremely useful and underrated in other languages since you typically need the length of the string and the indices of the characters you want to replace before the method can execute. But this is one of the nice features from python that makes it so you do not need to do any of that stuff. Anyway, I continue tomorrow.