---
Creation Date: 2024-11-12 13:48
---

<- [[2024-11-11]] | [[2024-11-13]]  ->

# 2024-11-08
Well it's official, I'm going to the client this time next week. This is kind of
exciting for me, I haven't gone to a site since I went that one time with Sean.
The next big thing for use to tackle is backfilling data. Sean sent me some
files of how he did it last time. Basically, the historian for aveva that the
client has doesn't have all the data imported from their old system. This mean
that if user's want to query data from earlier this year then there will either
be lacking or have no data. So we have been tasked with filling this data.
Basically the historian needs a specially formatted comma separated values file.
This loads all the data into the historian and then fills it in where there is
no values for a given tag. This sounds like a perfect job for python to me. I
spent most of the day trying to figure and planning how I would do this between
spreadsheet conversion and my spreadsheet conversion that I am still doing. I
also still need to find time to setup my sump analyzer with Matt. But he seems
to be particularily busy this week. I got a message back from Jodi, and she told
me that they would have me around at 8:30 everyday I'm there starting Thursday.
This is great news if I do not have to stay the whole time. Matt also gave me
the go ahead to head home if there's only like 2 hours for left for the day. So
that would be nice if my days aren't too busy there.  Anyways long weekend this
weekend so I'll be back on Tuesday.