---
Creation Date: 2024-08-08 11:42
---

<- [[2024-08-07]] | [[2024-08-09]]  ->

# 2024-08-07
Sean had me tackle something new today. On my way into the office I got a notification for a meeting the morning of. So once I got in and Sean arrived he told me I would actually be doing something for his FAT today. An FAT is basically where the client and the integrator test the individual logic registers and each of the bits on the registers. The registers are one word in length (16 bits). The general setup is the PLC is hooked up here at the office then the client's HMI is connected to the PLC here on a subnet and then mine an Sean computers are patched in to the subnet. Then we connect via Remote Desktop to a VM running on one of our servers that has the simulation software connected to the PLC to be able to access the logic. The point of this is to test the logic of the PLC to make sure that it works with the HMI, it is also to prove the logic can work on a PLC so when it gets pushed onto the clients PLC it should work without breaking anything, in theory. These are usually done in preparation for a site shutdown since usually systems have to be stopped in order to do these types of upgrades. Upgrades are usually done in shutdowns so that if something were to break the site doesn't stop running as some of the sites are moving around $200000 dollars in profit sometimes. So my job was to test the alarms with the client which is pretty simple. The alarms only have two states so they only need one bit to control their logic. The client and I went through all the registers and bits that are controlling alarms, I would flip the bit and they would check if that would register on their HMI. 