---
Creation Date: 2024-10-11 13:29
---

<- [[2024-10-10]] | [[2024-10-12]]  ->

# 2024-10-10
More report work today. This is probably how my days are mostly gonna go from now on. My current workflow is boot up my work computer. Hop on to the remote server. If I made any changes that involves data recording, I would go into the query tool and check if those values are updating correctly. If they are then I move onto other things. Otherwise I do some trouble shooting to see if  I can figure out why things are not updating correctly. Once that is done I usually move onto the report tracking sheet to see if anything has updated. At this point, my reports that I'm responsible for are relying on some tags that are miscalculating their values. Since Sean is responsible for updating those, I'm pretty much waiting on him for those to be fixed before I can proceed, and in some cases he is waiting on other people at the client to help him figure the tags out before they can be fixed and implemented. Pretty much all the reports I'm doing are at this point. Then there is the spreadsheets that need to be fixed. I am responsible for one but it seems like the one I have is kind of already updated which is a little confusing. I'm gonna need to get some more clarity on this one before I can make some definite changes to it. I did have a super massive report that I was responsible for, but it seems that the ownership got moved to one of the other guys from the client that is helping us on the project. In other news, Matt came by cause he wanted to take a look at the sump analyzer script that I made. I told him a while ago when he gave it to me that I couldn't really get it to be much faster without using a ton performance on my pc but then I thought about over the weekend and came up with something that performed much better. I leveraged the built in pandas method for a rolling window which is basically what the dataset need to use to perform the calculation properly. Then I simply apply the calculation across the 