---
Creation Date: 2024-11-13 12:09
---

<- [[2024-11-12]] | [[2024-11-14]]  ->

# 2024-11-12
Well today I got confirmation that I will for sure be going to the client on site and in person on Thursday. Seems like I will be showing up there sometime between 8 and 8:30 in the morning, this will allows us enough time to head to the locations we need to be at and get started around 8:30 and 8:45. The basic plan right now is to just be present and provide support for the operators that need it. Jodi let us know that they should be mostly comfortable with using the reports since they have been pretty much full time since August. Jodi said the main reason they would like someone was there was a to give feedback and provide answers to one off questions that they may not have gotten answered. This seems like it will be pretty easy for me to take care of as I have the added knowledge of how these thing function on the background which makes it easier to understand what they are doing in the foreground when things go wrong or seem abnormal. It is also kind of flattering to have them really be excited to have me come to site to provide on site support. It really puts some confidence into me which is super nice coming from them. Matt and Sean are also excited that I am going. I think this will truly solidify whether or not I am cut out for this job and whether they actually want me back or not (despite other guys around the office saying that Matt wants me back already). I don't know how much actual work they will have for me or even if there will be a ton of 