---
Creation Date: 2024-06-25 12:42
---

<- [[2024-06-24]] | [[2024-06-26]]  ->

# 2024-06-24
Did some more HMI development stuff today.  I wrapped up making the alarm bundles today. I had to do something interesting for the newest one since it had so many alarm fisheyes on it. Since there was upwards of fifty alarms a second page need to be made. This basically means that a whole other window is made for the alarms and linked to the first one via a button or some sort of object using a script. This script uses a built in method that when given a window name, brings the window up up at a specific x and y location on the screen, all of theses are passed as arguments for the method. I linked a method like this to a button object on the HMI screen which just call this method. Otherwise the new window is identical, bundle name at the top list of bypass alarms with the same layout except for the page number indicated at the top next to the previously mentioned button. Of course on page 2, there is another button to go back to page 1. I've really been focusing on adhering to the mantra of the HMI should look like it was made by one guy despite multiple people working on it. Which has involved me having to figure out how certain things were actually made on the HMI myself to make sure everything looks uniform and correct. Then after that Sean had me delete some tags from the AVEVA system for the company that hired us. They have a bunch of unused tags which are bloating up their system, so we need to go through and delete them. Sean made me a list of ones to delete and I just went through and filtered out the ones that needed to be removed and deleted them all at once. The system uses pattern matching like SQL which is basically regular expression syntax, so this felt like no issue for me. I also setup up the VM for Matt for alarm station testing for the HMI. I continue tomorrow.