---
Creation Date: 2024-06-17 07:43
---

<- [[2024-06-13]] | [[2024-06-17]]  ->

# 2024-06-14
Continuing on with HMI stuff, basically today was spent chugging through the remainder of the changes from the HMI release notes and wrapping any minor things that needed to be added. This new HMI I am currently working on is very similar to the previous one so the changes went significantly quicker as I am familiar with the software and how the HMIs are laid out. It feels nice to be comfortable with the software and knowing that the only thing slowing me down is my energy level and my ability to stay focused. I wrapped up the changes by noon, ate my lunch and then asked around for anymore work. Both Sean and Shane said they had nothing else for me to do, so then I sent Matt a message, assuming he would likely have more for me to do. I sent him a message, but then I realized he was in a meeting and wouldn't be free until about 1pm. In the meantime I read my book that I left at work about automating tasks with python as it has provided useful information about automating workflows with excel spreadsheets and saved me a ton of working time. I usually read it when there is lulls between tasks like this one. 1pm rolls around and I receive a message from Matt. His message tells me that he doesn't have anything for me to do for the rest of the day and won't have anything until next week Monday, he then tells me I can go home for the weekend early! Yippee! Overall a great day. I begin the cycle again on Monday next week.